What MuleRTMP does and what it does not

BlazeDS

Does:

Adds a new Endpoint MuleRTMPAMFEndpoint so you can include it in your services config.
The Endpoint also sets some static references (of endpoint and serialization context) into the adapting MuleRTMP classes wrapping red5 code.
Adds a new MuleRTMPFlexSession to enable push to flex clients over rtmp protocol.

Does not:
Add any data management capabilities like LCDS.

Red5

Does:

Wraps a couple of class from red5, to monkey patch certain methods. This is needed because MuleRTMP uses only a minimal set of red5 classes and has no need to bootstrap the red5 server itself and therefore some null pointer exceptions need to be avoided.
Also MuleRTMP uses the deserializer/serializer of BlazeDS instead of the red5 version, to achive better compability with BlazeDS.

Does not:
Provide anything else then the RTMP protocol and proddibility to make rpc calls/use messaging in BlazeDS. So no video/audio streaming remote shared objects etc. 



WARNING:
For now this really is experimental software. It neither has been thoroughly tested, beaten against or checked for major security flaws.
So use at your own risk and let us know what can be improved/fixed or even better send us some patches.

Final note: this was mostly created for the fun of it. It is not much more than a crude hack and since almost all code is derived from the red5 project thats where the real credit belongs, since none of this would be possible without red5, as well as to adobe for releasing BlazeDS for free.  